hey guys I got a request that somebody
wanted me to do a tutorial on how I
blow-dry my hair so this is the
profession when you see how my hair is
pretty much straight I've really thick
hair and I got it really time I don't
overheat it and I have a really nice
boat ride it doesn't pull too much heat
so um what you're going to need is we're
going to either deal with brush sticks
be EMRs sorry has my hair because I'm
right here you know some sounds that
you'd be surprised or if they're selling
or used to class or more than actually
everybody pink instead of this orange
color I actually used together the color
but I do hair so much with it it's of
course painting then you're gonna need a
really good blow dryer this is the best
kind of blow dryer and it goes great
with them on a daily run you need to
have a nozzle on it because you don't
want to blow down your hair without like
this produces so much heat to your hair
it fries and dies your hair so with the
novel you're gonna be able to control
the heat in the air flow that comes out
and where it goes so this is the future
where you um this is the Izanami a jail
a g IL e blow-dry this is the one i use
at home i have the professional g6 one
at work and i use that on my planes
faster is way more powerful eyes it's
also a cease drying the one I have one
is g6 this is a cc
so this one is smaller and lighter it
has a lighter modem so it's not as heavy
and it only has two settings on it and a
cool shop right here so you're gonna
even have the power one
you don't have any heat control on it it
is really good it doesn't damage your
hand anything like that so I'm pretty
much as always like I did in my own
flattering video I always Park my hair
and forth section so the best thing I
can ever tell you is to part your hair
the way you wear your hair so I always
wear my part right here I blow-dry my
hair just like that so I put it right
here go down here and then I go back I
have two sections then I go down on the
side and I make four subsections and of
each subsection I take another
subsection I think half of that and then
I blow dried this much at a time
it should good to have everything else
bunched together so you aren't missing
spots because you don't want a flatiron
wet hair that's horrible
so we can go ahead and get started I
only have this little section well this
is a pretty big section this section
left and now you can see what I want to
do use the hand um on the sabotage and
hold your brush and then use the other
side to hold your Claire I mean your own
your blow dryer so if you're doing your
um your left side you know your brush in
your left hand and you're gonna do it
like that
it's just way more control and it's
easier it's gonna be hard for you maybe
at the beginning if you aren't used to
long drive like this used to be one with
the car money but um
you don't want to roll your brush in
your blow dryer on the same spot like
this for a lot of times like a student
the Sun is too much me we gotta move
quickly
and I need just come in my hair if
you're wondering
Wario professional color red color right
haircut right
are you
this little pop of color unique I
wouldn't show cover-up and partly my
opposite side and that way you will
if your natural
or even if your land
you haven't had a very long term you
want to make sure you take in air the
opposite way so you get two feet to go
on to move your knees
the lightening it up
and I kind of fold it that way and then
I hold it back this way
my granny's camel
your life
all right and there you have it if you
like to hit the like button if you don't
like I said before don't do anything
Thanks